Docs for logging from Ruby (#820)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/posts/logging/configuration.mdx

### Creating a Log Source

<Notice variant="Notice">
  💡 We are expanding support for Logging to AppSignal integrations. Currently,
  we only support the Ruby integration. Integration logs do not need a log
  source. Read more, in the [Logging From AppSignal

>   Integration](platforms/integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Integrations](platforms/integrations).
```

>   Integrations](platforms/integrations) documentation.

Reviewer 2: Where my choice of capitalization bites, here it's AppSignal Integrations, referring to the page title.

We support sending logs to AppSignal from various sources and platforms, and are hard at work to add support for more.

You can also send logs directly from supported AppSignal integrations,

> in this instance you don't need to create a source and should instead following seperate installation instructions for your integration. More information can be found in the [Logging From AppSignal Integration documentation](platforms/integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this instance, you don't need to create a source and should follow separate installation instructions for your integration. More information can be found in the [Logging From AppSignal Integration documentation](platforms/integrations).
```
